feat(components): [sub-menu] add `persistent` prop (#19805)
element-plus/element-plus: docs/en-US/component/menu.md

| expand-open-icon    | Icon when menu are expanded and submenu are opened, `expand-open-icon` and `expand-close-icon` need to be passed together to take effect      | ^[string] / ^[Component] | —         |
| collapse-close-icon | Icon when menu are collapsed and submenu are closed, `collapse-close-icon` and `collapse-open-icon` need to be passed together to take effect | ^[string] / ^[Component] | —         |
| collapse-open-icon  | Icon when menu are collapsed and submenu are opened, `collapse-open-icon` and `collapse-close-icon` need to be passed together to take effect | ^[string] / ^[Component] | —         |

> | persistent ^(2.9.5) | when subMenu inactive and `persistent` is `false` , popconfirm will be destroyed                                                              | ^[boolean]               | true      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| persistent ^(2.9.5) | when subMenu inactive and `persistent` is `false` , dropdown menu will be destroyed                                                              | ^[boolean]               | true      |
```
A revised description might be more appropriate.
